---
subcategory: ""
layout: "fortiadc"
page_title: "Generate an API token for FortiADC"
description: |-
  Generate an API token for FortiADC.
---

# Generate an API token for FortiADC

FortiOS Provider requires an API token to be authenticated. An API token is generated by creating a new REST API admin.

*Note: The steps below must be performed from the FortiADC GUI as an Administrator with the super_admin profile and are customized for this tutorial.*

* Step 1: Create an Administrator profile

    In this tutorial, we will create a profile that only has Read access to the firewall address permission group.

    On the FortiADC GUI, select `System > Admin Profiles > Create New`. Populate the fields according to your environment.

* Step 2: Create the REST API Admin

    Use the steps below to create the FortiADC API admin.

	On the FortiADC GUI, select `System > Administrators > Create New > REST API Admin`.

	In Administrator Profile field, select profile from Step1. *Note: If you want to configure VDOM or resources related to administrator user permissions, you need to set the field with the System predefined Administrator Profile `super_admin` by CLI.*

	Click OK and an API token will be generated.

	Make note of the API token as it is only shown once and cannot be retrieved. It will be needed for the rest of the tutorial.

	Click Close to complete creation of the REST API Admin.

For more about the configuration of token, please refer to the `System Management` -> `Manage administrator users` -> `Create REST API administrator users` chapters of the `FortiADC Handbook - Administration Guide`.
